Updated the upgrade tutorial(Part 2) (#943)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/resources/tutorials/beginner/upgrade-contract.md

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}
- The [ContractPackageHash](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/contracts/struct.ContractPackageHash.html) referencing the [ContractPackage](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/struct.ContractPackage.html) where an unlocked contract is stored in global state
- You should be familiar with [writing smart contracts](/writing-contracts), [on-chain contracts](../../../developers/dapps/sending-deploys.md), and [calling contracts](../../../developers/cli/calling-contracts.md) on a Casper network
- You have installed [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/) that you will upgrade as part of this tutorial

:::note

> Installing the first version of the contract(contract-v1) as shown in the [counter tutorial](/counter-testnet) is a prerequisite before installing the second version of the contract(contract-v2).

Reviewer: A space and a wasm extension seem useful here, because when you install something on chain is a wasm file.
```suggestion
Installing the first version of the contract (contract-v1.wasm) as shown in the [counter tutorial](/counter-testnet) is a prerequisite before installing the second version of the contract (contract-v2.wasm).
```

> If you explore [the code](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/tree/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594), you will observe the different versions of the contract.

Reviewer: The ID in the link might change, it's better to remove it.
```suggestion
If you explore [the code](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/), you will observe the different versions of the contract.
```

> - contract-v1 is the counter contract you can see in the [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- contract-v1 is the counter contract you can see in the [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/) tutorial.
```

> - contract-v1 is the counter contract you can see in the [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/) tutorial.
> - contract-v2 is the contract with the new `counter_decrement` entry point.

Reviewer: Is it possible to highlight? Also, removing the colon just like in the other lists.
```suggestion
- `contract-v1` is the counter contract you can see in the [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/) tutorial
- `contract-v2` is the contract with the new `counter_decrement` entry point
```

    runtime::put_key(CONTRACT_VERSION_KEY, version_uref.into());
```

> This [counter version 1](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v1/src/main.rs#L94) shows you a contract package that can be versioned. This step is covered in the [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/) tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [first version of the counter](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v1/src/main.rs#L94) shows you a contract package that can be versioned. This step is covered in the [A Counter on the Testnet](/counter-testnet/) tutorial.
```

For the simple example counter above, here are the [corresponding tests](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/master/tests/src/integration_tests.rs). Notice how the tests store and verify the [contract's version](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v1/src/main.rs#L107) and entry points.

:::note

You could store the latest version of the contract package under a NamedKey, as shown [here](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v1/src/main.rs#L107). Then, you can query the NamedKey to check the latest version of the contract package.

<details>
<summary><b>Example test function</b></summary>

```rust

>         // Verify the contract version is now 2.
>     let account = builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Verify the contract version is now 2.
    let account = builder
```

[Install the contract](../../../developers/dapps/sending-deploys.md#sending-the-deploy) on the network via a deploy and verify the deploy status. You can also [monitor the event stream](../../../developers/dapps/sending-deploys.md#monitoring-the-event-stream-for-deploys) to see when your deploy is accepted.

> To observe the upgrade workflow you can install the second contract version on chain. This version contains the `counter_decrement` entry point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To observe the upgrade workflow, you can install the second contract version on the chain. This version contains the `counter_decrement` entry point.
```

:::note

> Installing counter contract version 1 as shown in the [counter tutorial](/counter-testnet) is a prerequisite before installing counter contract version 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the first version of the contract, as shown in the [Counter tutorial](/counter-testnet), is a prerequisite before installing the second version.
```

:::

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key [PATH_TO_YOUR_KEY]/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 5000000000000 \
    --session-path ./contract-v2/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/counter-v2.wasm
```

### Step 5. Verify your changes 

You can write unit tests to verify the behavior of the new contract version with [call_contract](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/runtime/fn.call_contract.html) or [call_versioned_contract](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/runtime/fn.call_versioned_contract.html). When you add a new contract to the package (which increments the highest enabled version), you will obtain a new contract hash, the primary identifier of the contract. You can use the contract hash with call_contract. Alternatively, you can use call_versioned_contract and specify the contract_package_hash and the newly added version.

> For the simple example counter above, here are the [corresponding tests](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/master/tests/src/integration_tests.rs). Notice how the tests store and verify the [contract's version](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v1/src/main.rs#L107).

Reviewer: The tests are also checking the entry points, which is important to mention.
```suggestion
For the simple example counter above, here are the [corresponding tests](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/master/tests/src/integration_tests.rs). Notice how the tests store and verify the [contract's version](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/counter/blob/57e3912735f93e1d0f667b936675964ecfdc6594/contract-v1/src/main.rs#L107) and entry points.
```

<details>
<summary><b>Example test function</b></summary>

```rust
         fn install_version1_and_upgrade_to_version2() 
        {
        let mut builder = InMemoryWasmTestBuilder::default();
        builder.run_genesis(&*DEFAULT_RUN_GENESIS_REQUEST).commit();

        // Install the first version of the contract.
        let contract_v1_installation_request = ExecuteRequestBuilder::standard(
            *DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR,
            COUNTER_V1_WASM,
            runtime_args! {},
        )
        
        // Check the contract hash.
        let contract_v1_hash = builder
            .get_expected_account(*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR)
            .named_keys()
            .get(CONTRACT_KEY)
            .expect("must have contract hash key as part of contract creation")
            .into_hash()
            .map(ContractHash::new)
            .expect("must get contract hash");

        // Verify the first contract version is 1. We'll check this when we upgrade later.
        let account = builder
            .get_account(*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR)

>             .expect("should have account");

Reviewer: This code does not do what the paragraph explains ("Then, you can query the NamedKey to check the latest version of the contract package.") 
The actual version check needs to be included here. Also, the code indenting is off and needs to be adjusted. 
If you want to show the version check, include lines 62-81. This point needs to be clarified before merging this PR.

>        // Verify the first contract version is 1.
>         let account = builder
>             .get_account(*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR)
>             .expect("should have account");
> 
>         let version_key = *account
>             .named_keys()
>             .get(CONTRACT_VERSION_KEY)
>             .expect("version uref should exist");
> 
>         let version = builder
>             .query(None, version_key, &[])
>             .expect("should be stored value.")
>             .as_cl_value()
>             .expect("should be cl value.")
>             .clone()
>             .into_t::<u32>()
>             .expect("should be u32.");
> 
>         assert_eq!(version, 1);

Author: Thank you for the review, @ipopescu.
Got the change. So now, I have changed the code. I have added the lines from 321 to 340 instead of 62 to 81 as this step is to verify the upgraded version. Let me know what you think.

````
       //Verify the contract version is now 2.
        let account = builder
            .get_account(*DEFAULT_ACCOUNT_ADDR)
            .expect("should have account");

        let version_key = *account
            .named_keys()
            .get(CONTRACT_VERSION_KEY)
            .expect("version uref should exist");

        let version = builder
            .query(None, version_key, &[])
            .expect("should be stored value.")
            .as_cl_value()
            .expect("should be cl value.")
            .clone()
            .into_t::<u32>()
            .expect("should be u32.");

        assert_eq!(version, 2);

```

</details>

:::

You can also test the new entry point by using the Rust command-line client.

Get the NEW state-root-hash:

```bash
casper-client get-state-root-hash --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777
```

Check the new contract entry points. You should see the _counter_decrement_ entry point now.

```bash
casper-client query-global-state \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --state-root-hash [STATE_ROOT_HASH] \
    --key [ACCOUNT_HASH] -q "counter"
```

<details>
<summary><b>Example output</b></summary>

```rust

>        {

Reviewer: Please fix the formatting of this line.
```suggestion
 {
```

        "entry_points": [
          {
            "access": "Public",
            "args": [],
            "entry_point_type": "Contract",
            "name": "counter_decrement",
            "ret": "Unit"
          },
          {
            "access": "Public",
            "args": [],
            "entry_point_type": "Contract",
            "name": "counter_get",
            "ret": "I32"
          },
          {
            "access": "Public",
            "args": [],
            "entry_point_type": "Contract",
            "name": "counter_inc",
            "ret": "Unit"
          }
        ],
        "named_keys": [
          {
            "key": "uref-ca980a2e4c08dc3f233b728b22b909cd4e894295155a7902bf88a59eac1531d1-007",
            "name": "count"
          }
        ],
        "protocol_version": "1.4.13"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

Check the version and package details with the latest state root hash:

```bash
casper-client query-global-state \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --state-root-hash [STATE_ROOT_HASH] \
    --key [ACCOUNT_HASH] -q "version"
```
<details>
<summary><b>Example output</b></summary>

```rust

>       {

Reviewer: Please fix the formatting of this line.
```suggestion
{
```

  "id": 9084525900533244372,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "result": {
    "api_version": "1.4.13",
    "block_header": null,
    "merkle_proof": "[64874 hex chars]",
    "stored_value": {
      "CLValue": {
        "bytes": "02000000",
        "cl_type": "U32",
        "parsed": 2
      }
    }
  }

```

</details>

```bash
casper-client query-global-state \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --state-root-hash [STATE_ROOT_HASH] \
    --key [ACCOUNT_HASH] -q "counter_package_name"
```
<details>
<summary><b>Example output</b></summary>

```rust

>       {

Reviewer: Please fix the formatting of this line.
```suggestion
{
```

        "versions": [
          {
            "contract_hash": "contract-4ee8a4cfbc0a183d189611b6a14c0f7b57e7635fa17a8acfc5c645fec4c36316",
            "contract_version": 1,
            "protocol_version_major": 1
          },
          {
            "contract_hash": "contract-2cd9f6485423ba846fae83729016b03df26d9babb939466906c8f1d168b40949",
            "contract_version": 2,
            "protocol_version_major": 1
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}

```

</details>

Call the new entry point, _counter_decrement_, using the package name and check the results. 

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://[NODE_IP]:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key [PATH_TO_YOUR_KEY]/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 5000000000000 \
    --session-package-name "counter_package_name" \
    --session-entry-point "counter_decrement"
```

:::note
There are two ways to call versioned contracts:
1. [Calling Contracts by Package Hash](/developers/writing-onchain-code/calling-contracts/#StoredVersionedContractByHash)
2. [Calling Contracts by Package Name](/developers/writing-onchain-code/calling-contracts/#StoredVersionedContractByName)
:::

> After calling the entry point, the count value should have been decremented. You can verify it by querying the network again using the new state root hash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After calling the entry point, the count value should be decremented. You can verify it by querying the network again using the new state root hash.
```

> After calling the entry-point, the count value should have been decremented. You can verify it by querying the network again using the new state root hash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After calling the entry point, the count value should have been decremented. You can verify it by querying the network again using the new state root hash.
```
